# Module 9 Challenge: README File Generator

## Description
The application is utilized via a given command-line application that accepts user input. The user is then prompted for information about their application repository. Afterwards, a high-quality, professional README.md is generated with the title of their project and sections entitled Description, Table of Contents, Installation, Usage, License, Contributing, Tests, and Questions. When the user enters their project title, it is then stored and displayed as the title of the README file. When the user enters a description, installation instructions, usage information, contribution guidelines, and test instructions for their application repository, then this information is added to the sections of the README entitled Description, Installation, Usage, Contributing, and Tests. When the user chooses a license for their application from a list of options, then a badge for that license is added near the top of the README and a notice is added to the section of the README entitled License that explains which license the application is covered under. When the user enters their GitHub username, then it added to the section of the README entitled Questions, with a link to their GitHub profile. When the user enters their email address, then it is added to the section of the README entitled Questions, with instructions on how to reach them with additional questions. When the user clicks on the links in the Table of Contents, then they are taken to the corresponding section of the README.

## Link to Demonstration Video
[demo video](mod-9-vid.webm)